fix(2763): Modify description of bookend plugin (#557)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver-cd.github.io: docs/cluster-management/configure-api.md

### Bookend Plugins

> You can globally configure which built-in bookend plugins will be used during a build. Bookend plugins can be configured per cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can globally configure which built-in bookend plugins will be used during a build. Bookend plugins can be configured for each cluster.
```

By default, `scm` is enabled to begin builds with a SCM checkout command.

If you're looking to include a custom bookend in the API, please refer [here](#extending-the-docker-container).

| Key | Default| Description |
|:----|:-------|:------------|
| BOOKENDS | None | The associative array of bookends to be executed at the beginning and end of every build. Take the forms of `{"default": {"setup": ["scm", ...], "teardown": [...]}, "clusterA": {"setup": ["scm", ...], "teardown": [...]}}` |

```yaml
# config/local.yaml
bookends:

>   default: 

Reviewer 2: It would be better to describe what is meant by default and clusterA/B.

### Bookend Plugins

You can globally configure which built-in bookend plugins will be used during a build. Bookend plugins can be configured for each cluster.
By default, `scm` is enabled to begin builds with a SCM checkout command.

If you're looking to include a custom bookend in the API, please refer [here](#extending-the-docker-container).

| Key | Default| Description |
|:----|:-------|:------------|
| BOOKENDS | None | The associative array of bookends to be executed at the beginning and end of every build. Take the forms of `{"default": {"setup": ["scm", ...], "teardown": [...]}, "clusterA": {"setup": ["scm", ...], "teardown": [...]}}` |

```yaml
# config/local.yaml
bookends:
  default: 
    setup:
      - scm
      - my-custom-bookend
    teardown:
      - screwdriver-artifact-bookend
      - screwdriver-cache-bookend

>   clusterA:

Reviewer 3: are bookends specified here merged with default or will it be a complete replacement ?

Author: @jithine 
The bookends specified here will be replaced. They are not merged with the default bookends.
The bookends defined in clusterA will be executed.

    setup: ...
    teardown: ...
  clusterB:
    setup: ...
    teardown: ...
```
For `clusterA` and `clusterB`, specify the build cluster provided by the cluster administrator. please refer [here](configure-buildcluster-queue-worker).  

> If assigned to a cluster other than the one set in `bookends`, the bookend plugin set in `default` can be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a build is assigned to a build cluster other than the options available in `bookends` configuration, then the bookend plugin set in `default` will be used.
```

Author: @jithine 
Thank you.  I'll take it in.

    setup: ...
    teardown: ...
```

> For `clusterA` and `clusterB`, specify the executor plugin provided by the cluster administrator. please refer [here](#executor-plugin).  

Reviewer 2: Is this really an executor? Is it a mistake for a name of buiildcluster?

Author: I was wrong, I'll fix it.

---
  ...
bookends:
  default:

>   setup:

Reviewer: Is the indentation correct?
